logistic regression analysis of a dataset to classify a tumour as malignant or benign. 

Clump thickness
is a measure of how thick the cells are within a tumor. Benign cells tend to be grouped in mono-layers, while cancerous - in multi-layer.(Sarkar et al. 2017, p. 1)

Uniformity
of cell size and uniformity of cell shape are two characteristics that can be used to describe the appearance of cells under a microscope. Here we are checking the degree to which the cells in a sample are similar in size and shape.

Marginal adhesion
is the degree to which cells in a tissue sample adhere, or stick, to one another at the edges of the sample. Loss of adhesion might be a sign of malignancy.

Single
epithelial cell size is the size of individual cells in an epithelial tissue sample. Epithelial tissue is a type of tissue that covers the surface of the body and lines internal organs and structures. It is made up of cells that are tightly packed together and held in place by specialized junctions.

Bare nuclei
refers to cells in a tissue sample that are missing their cell membranes and cytoplasm, leaving only the nucleus visible.

Bland
chromatin is the appearance of the genetic material (chromatin) in the nucleus of a cell under a microscope. Chromatin is made up of DNA and proteins, and it contains the genetic information that controls the cell’s functions. When the chromatin in a cell’s nucleus is compact and uniform in appearance, it is said to be “bland.”

Normal
nucleoli are small, spherical structures found within the nucleus of a cell. They are composed of DNA, RNA, and proteins and are responsible for synthesizing ribosomes, which are the cellular structures that produce proteins. Nucleoli are usually visible under a microscope and can vary in size and appearance depending on the stage of the cell cycle and the cell’s function. In normal, healthy cells, nucleoli are usually small and have a distinct, well-defined border.

Mitosis
is the process of cell division that occurs in all living organisms. During mitosis, a single cell divides into two daughter cells, each of which contains a copy of the parent cell’s DNA. The process of mitosis is essential for the growth and repair of tissues and the production of new cells.

Class
These two values refer to ‘malignant’ = 4 or ‘benign’ = 2. 